[voice] I was born
into this world
in my search for this girl,
sacrificing life, a new world,
and everything
I could have had.
The girl collected pieces
of junk from somewhere,
and made a body for me.
My memories were murky.
I couldn't remember
without effort.
Where had I been?
Where had I been
trying to get to?
[girl] Good job!
[voice] I couldn't speak
to the girl,
but she was the one warm spot
in this world that
I had been after.
Of course, in my body of junk,
I cannot feel that warmth.
[Akio] Welcome!
Huh? Oh, so it's just you.
Sorry, but I'm not here
to buy anything.
It's confusing every time you
come in the store, you deadbeat.
Next time, come in on all
fours so I'll know you're
not a customer.
How's Nagisa?
Is there any change
in her condition?
I know you came all this way,
but I'm afraid she's sleeping.
We need to let her
get some rest.
But listen, Romeo, sorry to say,
she hasn't been calling your
name in her delirium,
so don't get all puffed up.
I didn't ask you if she
was calling my name.
[Akio] If she's said
anything, it was,
"Oh, Dad, I love you.
You're the coolest ever!"
and "You and pretty Mommy
make the best couple!"
[Akio] Don't make
me act ridiculous!
You're doing it on your own!
You don't need my help!
[Sanae] Mr. Okazaki...
You wouldn't be here to visit
Nagisa by any chance?
[Tomoya] Yes, I heard
that she's bedridden.
Not really, she just has
a slight fever.
But she...
[Sanae] I'm afraid Nagisa has
never been a strong child.
She was out of school for
a long time last year.
So, our family
pediatrician told us
that she needed to get rest
today, as a precaution.
[Tomoya] Is that right?
Yes, and thank you.
Because you were kind
enough to carry her home,
she's going to be all right.
Thanks a lot, kid.
No, it was really the
least I could do.
[rustle]
Here's a bag of Sanae's
pastries, take them.
[Tomoya] Huh?
[Akio] Consider them a thank you
gift for all your kindness.
I didn't come here for that.
I don't need a
thank you present.
Don't worry about it!
Anyway, there's no way
these donuts debacles
are going to sell toda- er...
My homemade pastries...
How could you?
[Sanae] They're just access
baggage at the Furukawa Bakery,
aren't they?!
Ah!
[Akio] I love them, baby!
They're good!
Well, judging from that, I guess
there's nothing to worry
about now, is there?
[Kouko] Excuse me...
Where are the owners?
I believe they just stepped
out for a minute.
You can have these, if you want.
Are you sure it's all right?
Yes, I got them for free
of charge, actually.
Thank you. You're so kind.
And if you would please thank
Mr. and Mrs. Furukawa for me,
I'd be very grateful.
[Tomoya] She's really pretty...
She knew she was sickly,
that idiot.
[man] You! You!
You there...
C-Come with me a minute!
[man] Just look at
that dent, will ya?!
I know that some construction
tool caused this.
And I'm going to need
you to be my witness.
[Tomoya] Be your witness?
[Yoshino] I don't think
it's a good idea
to get someone
who's not involved.
[man] But without a witness,
you'll just drive off, right?
I'll say it again, I did not
drop any tool on your car.
[Yoshino] If I did,
I would never cover it up.
And why should I believe you?!
[Yoshino] If you want me to pay
for repairs, I'll do it.
Haha! So, you admit it?
No, I don't admit anything.
I just want one thing, man.
I want you and your friend
here to think about what
I said someday,
in the very near future.
If what the electrician told you
that day was true,
or was it false?
[Yoshino] Think about
it in your place of rest,
beside the one you love.
What the hell is this
guy talking about?
Don't ask me. I think he's nuts.
[Yoshino] Listen carefully,
my friends.
Every day, people keep
hurting each other.
It's no wonder that you doubt
what other people in the world
tell you.
But when you're no longer able
to believe in anything,
you will not be able to feel
the love in others.
Are you content going through
hardships all alone,
living an empty life?
Are you able to laugh at life?
Tell me, can you
laugh freely, man?
Uh, yeah, I guess I can.
[Yoshino] I see...
Well then, I would assume
you are probably loved.
Then go with peace and live
your life with strength so that
your love will never die.
[Tomoya] Boy, this guy can
say such hammy lines with
such conviction.
Say... I think it was a cat.
[man] A cat?!
[Tomoya] If you look at it
from this angle... See there?
Oh, yeah, you're right.
[defeated sigh]
I think that a cat probably
jumped down from the wall
and dented your car, man.
A fat cat.
[low meow]
Thanks a lot, pal. You were
a really big help to me.
It was no big deal, really.
I just said what I noticed.
[Yoshino] I'd like to thank
you properly sometime.
Call me when you're not busy.
[Youhei] What did
he say to you?!
Weird stuff like,
"Aren't you living all alone?"
"Are you able to laugh freely?"
All sorts of things.
I don't know.
[Youhei] Wait a minute!
It's the legendary MC!
So, it must have been
Yusuke Yoshino himself.
So you know this guy?
Do I know him?!
He's a retired
charismatic musician.
His CDs were huge
chart toppers, man.
Really?
[Youhei] He disappeared.
But I never thought he might
be right in this neighborhood.
My kid sister copied me
a tape of his best pieces.
Listen to this!
[Tomoya] Just a minute,
you have a younger sister?!
[Youhei] I do.
Didn't I tell you that?
[Tomoya] Sunohara's sister...
She probably looks like this!
Reowr!
[music playing]
[Tomoya] Yusuke Yoshino...
[Youhei] Okazaki?
Are you listening?
Okazaki!
Yeah, what is it?
It's about that Tomoyo Sakagami.
I've been thinking
about something...
I'll bet she's really
a guy in a dress.
[Tomoya] Huh?
[Youhei] There's no way a girl
can be stronger than a guy!
He's dressed like a girl to fool
everybody, that's what it is!
Are you being serious, dude?
And I'm going to prove
it to you tomorrow.
That she's really a guy
and not a girl.
[Tomoya] At that moment,
Sunohara didn't realize yet,
that he was beginning
his life as a pervert.
I can hear what you're
saying, you know.
Haven't you learned your lesson?
Don't worry, Tomoyo.
I'm not here to challenge
you today.
I just wanted to talk
to you a little.
Just listen to what
he has to say, will you?
I overslept this morning.
What a mess I am! Teehee.
Your character seems
to have changed a little.
When I went to shave,
that blade was so dull,
and I'm sure you know how it is,
but man doesn't that hurt
like crazy!
I see.
[Yohei] I hate to ask you,
but could you lend
me your razor?
And why exactly should
I have to lend you my razor?
Hurray! I got her! I got her!
You heard her, didn't you?
[Youhei] Didn't you?
[Tomoya] Well, I did, but...
What is he so excited about?
You asked me why you had
to lend me yours, didn't you?
Well that means you've got
a razor of your very own,
and that means...
No, nitwit. When I asked why
I had to lend it to you,
I meant why should I
be obliged to lend you
anything belonging to me?
[Tomoyo] In the first place...
[Youhei] In the first place?
Don't you know it's rude to ask
a girl something like that?!
[screaming]
You bully!
So long.
[Nagisa] I'm so glad...
So glad that I got up
the courage to wave.
I truly thought you wouldn't
forgive me after I...
after I hurt you on the
basketball court that day.
I'm the one who should
be apologizing to you.
I'm so sorry...
[sniffle]
I'm sorry, I'm so relieved.
I'm so silly, aren't I? Hehe.
Ah!
Oh yeah, you may be
just a little silly,
but I think it's kind of sweet.
Really, you do?
[Tomoya] I'm just like you,
so I'm in the same place.
A place far away from people
who know how to get ahead
in the world,
or who are clever at
maneuvering about.
Things may be hard sometimes,
but instead of
crying alone, call me.
Huh?
Well, uh, I...
Anyway, I have nothing to do.
And besides, if I keep
hanging around you,
I don't think I'll
ever be bored.
Okay, if I feel like I'm
about to cry, I'll call you.
What are you doing to me?
Uh...
Ah!
I'm looking for my knife.
Your knife?
[Tomoya] Oh...
You mean this?
Give it back to me!
How are your hands?
[Fuko] They don't hurt anymore.
I'm fine!
[Tomoya] Shake!
[Fuko] Okay!
It hurts, doesn't it?
No, it doesn't- er!
It seems like it'd be painful.
High five me!
Dribble, dribble, dribble...
[Tomoya] From there again?
Shoot!
It went in!
[Tomoya] Yeah!
[crying]
It still hurts, doesn't it?
It doesn't hurt!
It does look painful.
[Tomoya] Then,
boxer and trainer...
Huh?
You're going to be the trainer.
Okay, now stand like this.
Now get ready, because I'm going
to throw punches at you
as hard as I can.
You understand me?
Uh...
I don't know about this...
You'll say,
"One, two, one, two!"
[Tomoya] You got that?
[Fuko] Yeah, I got it.
Here goes!
[Tomoya] Jab, jab, straight!
One, two, one, two...
[Fuko] One, two, one, two...
One, two, one, two, one...
[Tomoya] How long are you
going to keep that up?
[school bell]
It's the first bell, let's go.
Uh, okay!
[Fuko] Um...
You can have this!
What's this?
[Tomoya] Hey!
It's a star, right?
[Tomoya] Sunohara...
Are you alive, Sunohara?
School's over.
[Youhei] Class is over?
Yeah, around a hundred
years ago, actually.
[Youhei] A hundred years?!
Then, you're dead!
Right, I'm not me.
I'm a hologram.
[Youhei] Are you serious?
[Tomoya] When you got
kicked by Tomoyo,
you were knocked out and have
been asleep for a hundred years.
This is the world one hundred
years later, my old friend.
Just a minute! Then, what's
become of the world since
I've been asleep?
Total chaos.
Are you serious?!
Oh, dear Dad! My dear Mom!
I'm sorry I was such a fool.
I swear I'll live my life
the best I can.
[Tomoya] Come on, get up,
will you?
Hey, wait a minute!
A hologram kicked me?
T-Then you're the real
thing, aren't you?
Actually, I am a cyborg.
Then, what you said about the
world falling into ruins...
[Tomoya] It's true.
Are you serious?!
Dad, Mom, I'm sorry
I was such a fool.
I will join forces with the
Okazaki cyborg and go on living.
[crying]
You'd believe anything,
wouldn't you?
Huh? You mean that was a lie?
You actually believed it?
[Youhei] I was half asleep,
so of course I would!
Are you listening?
Okazaki!
Are you looking for something?
Oink, oink...
[Yohei] H-He's too cute...
[Tomoya] Yeah...
[oinking]
[Tomoya] There's something
about him that's missing
in a dog or cat.
So, what is it?
I don't know.
[Youhei] Hey, come on,
don't run away.
[giggling]
He's not too happy.
[Kyou] Hey!
[Youhei] Huh?
Gyah!
Argh!
Sunohara!
So, how did that compare
with Tomoyo's kick?
[Youhei] Isn't there something
else you should be asking me?
I saw it... something light blue
along with the bottom of one
of her shoes.
Ah!
Pervert!
Urg!
[sigh]
How dare you? What were you
trying to do with my baby?
So, what is that thing?
Your pet?
And isn't it just adorable?
[Kyou] It's an urinko.
A baby boar.
[oinking]
[Tomoya] Did it come
to meet you?
[Kyou] Probably...
Her name is Botan.
Isn't she so cute?
That's a very
tasty-sounding name!
Hmm? What was that?
[Tomoya] Nothing.
[Kyou] Come on, Botan,
say hello.
Tell him you want
to be friends.
[oinking]
[Nagisa] Practice the
briefing session?
Yeah, if you ask me,
you're not really the type
to handle something like
this that easily, are you?
I thought that maybe I'd find
a "how to" book for giving
speeches in front of groups.
Do you think we'll find
something here?
[Yukine] Oh, welcome...
Is anything wrong today?
Or perhaps maybe I can
serve either of you something?
So, how about a cup of coffee?
Oh! I love coffee!
I'll make some right away.
Please have a seat over there.
[Yukine] Here you go.
Oh, thank you very much.
[Tomoya] It's good!
[Yukine] Oh, I'm so glad.
My name is Yukine Miyazawa.
[Yukine] So, you're Tomoya
Okazaki and Nagisa Furukawa?
So, I take it that this is your
first time here, isn't it?
Yes! How do you do?
So, are you the one who's
overseeing this room then?
Yes, I do my best to anyway.
I just love this place.
If I remember, this used to be
the library room, wasn't it?
It still is, Nagisa.
All of the books that
don't get read much
are kept here in this place
for safe keeping.
I guess you could call
it the Second Library Room.
We even have old videos,
records, casette tapes,
even microfilm.
I'm glad to hear that. I was
under the impression this room
had been turned into
some kind of café.
Sometimes I get all sorts of
people who come and visit me
in this room.
[Yukine] Is something wrong?
Oh, no, I was just thinking
there are some really unique
characters in this school.
Oh?
[Tomoya] No, in this
town I'd say.
Alright now, just talk
to me like I've come
to check things out
with the new club.
Keep calm, breathe,
and enunciate carefully.
Okay, got it!
Let's see now...
Welcome, everyone! I'm Nagisa
Furukawa and I'm in of
Class 3-B.
Thank you so much
for coming today.
I hope you'll enjoy it here.
[Tomoya] Keep it up!
What's next?
Uh, let me tell you,
the reason I decided to
revive the Drama Club is...
Is...
Uh...
[Tomoya] Listen, I'm amazed
you want to do drama.
Do you have any experience
in drama to begin with?
No, I'm a complete amateur.
I don't know anything
about the dramatic arts.
Club Leader,
that statement was a bomb.
[Tomoya] Question!
What sort of plays are
you going to put on?
[Nagisa] What sort of plays?
Yeah, there are
all sorts, right?
There are musicals,
children's plays,
realistic, contemporary,
surreal, absurdism...
Are there that many?
[Tomoya] I'm leaving.
[Nagisa] Wait! Don't go!
[Tomoya] Then,
answer my questions.
You said there was a play
you wanted to do.
What sort of play is it?
Well, it's... It's a very,
very amusing play.
That's much too vague
of an answer for me.
Is it a surreal comedy?
No, it's actually a whole lot
more than just a comedy.
So, it's a comedy that's
really touching?
Well, it might bring
you to tears,
but it's really quite funny too-
Will it make you laugh or cry?
Which is it?
Uh, it's about half and half.
[awkward laugh]
[sigh]
Well, that's okay,
at least you made an attempt
to answer my question.
Alright. Now please ask
me the next question.
Can you tell me what were those
pictures on the poster?
[Nagisa] It's the
Big Dango Family!
[Tomoya] A quick answer!
It's the Big Dango Family,
recognized by any Japanese
and they're incredibly
popular nationwide.
A family of one hundred seems
like such fun; I envy them.
If the whole family went to an
amusement park, I think there
would be chaos.
[Nagisa] But the
Big Dango Family-
Stop talking!
Will you stop being so
talkative all of a sudden!
There's such a difference in
the intensity it's distracting.
I don't mean to be.
Well, it's not bad to be
intense, but I don't think
it's right.
You just shouldn't be putting so
much energy into the Big Dango
Family explanation.
Yes, I agree with you.
That would turn this
into a briefing
on the Big Dango Family,
now wouldn't it?
The future looks bleak to me...
Yeah, I kind of think so too...
So tell me, why do you want
to do drama, anyway?
[Tomoya] I mean, you have
no experience, right?
Because I like it.
What do you like about it?
I think that it would be so fun
for everyone to
participate in a play,
be part of a group, and make
something really beautiful
and artistic.
Ever since I was little, I've
missed all the school plays,
because I was always home sick
and in bed when the plays were
presented.
I was absent a lot so I
couldn't even participate
in practices.
So, I've always wanted to do
a play with everyone in my
high school.
I was always set on
joining the Drama Club.
I decided in my heart of hearts,
that I would work really hard
at Drama for three years.
But even in high school,
I haven't been able to come
to school much.
I was absent for most
of my senior year.
But I still want to give
it a try, Okazaki.
I don't know anything. I might
be poor at acting, I know,
but I want to do everything
I can and work really hard.
Working together with everyone
on one wonderful thing...
I think that would be
an amazing experience.
I think, I just like it.
[sigh]
You don't think that's dumb?
[giggle]
[Tomoya] I think that's fine.
I think you should tell them
all of this at the briefing.
You know what? I think you were
able to say want you wanted to
when you speak from your heart.
Do you think so?
I'm the type of guy who says
exactly what he thinks.
You're telling me.
Sometimes your words stab me.
Sorry about that.
Believe in your own words.
'Kay...
I want you to keep hanging
in there, okay?
I will!
[Nagisa] I wonder if people
will come to my briefing?
[Tomoya] We won't know
until the time comes,
but we put up all those posters.
If two or three people come...
[Tomoya] We put up a
poster here, didn't we?
Yes, I'm positive.
You mean the poster that
was in the middle?
I saw someone from the
Student Council take it
down the other day.
Took it down? But why
would they take it?
[Yukine] Probably because
it hadn't received approval.
You and he didn't put the poster
up by any chance did you?
Then that means, that all the
other posters we put up...
[PA] Nagisa Furukawa,
Class 3-B...
Please come to the Student
Council room at once.
I repeat...
Nagisa Furukawa, Class 3-B...
[Tomoya] Furukawa...
[PA] Please come to the Student
Council room at once.
You serious?
[Youhei] So, teach me
how to talk to her
to get her to like me.
You're better at
dating than I am.
Hmm...
Okay, you just leave it to me.
The uniform looks good on you!
Take this!
This time I'm really different,
I promise you that!
Well, in the first place...
[Tomoya & Youhei] No, no, no...
It'll be a homerun!